I can't stop my love my love for you
We spoke toward the future
Like we had a place we could go together
Oh baby I can't stop my love for you
I'll become your everything I believe in your promise
To never let go of my hand as we walk
I won't say lies like "I hate you" but
For "I love you" that's never a lie isn't it?
If I can't see you, if I can't be with you
Don't you dare start getting lenient with your thoughts...
Because this heart belongs to you and only you
I can't stop my love for you
So our love won't be torn apart, the two of us
Will have to hold onto it as one
And on those nights
When uncertainty visits you
Take our love in your arms
And embrace it tightly